All right, we did the full thing,
do we have any questions?
>> Generally thinking about mutability
on the chain like is this storage space?
Is it kind of like?
I mean can you really mutate
things in place like when you
push new functions and make a new cut.
Or is it really kind of appending
in sort of a read only way and
just updating an address of where
the new location of the new cut.
So everything that was there
before is there forever.
>> Correct,
you have it correct, all the code will
exist wherever you say it should exist.
But, it's the storage
that's the important part.
The storage will remain with
your first diamond contract.
As long as you keep that, it doesn't
matter how many versions of AU you deploy,
what really matters is you are always
referencing the latest one and
you are always using the same memory.
So yes, there is many versions that did
exist, you're just replacing the address
or the pointer to which one you're
actually using, as the code to call into.
>> The storage on the diamond is mutable.
>> It's always mutable.
Storage is always mutable.
Contracts, their code is
there is some unique ways
you can do things that aren't immutable.
But I just wouldn't probably get into
that territory it looks really hard,
I'm not sure what would be the reason for
it unless if there's a way
to be able to save some money
with how complex contracts are.
But to me, the diamond one is the most
approachable way to do things.
You can really just replace what
you need to when you need to,
it takes care of all the internals and
it just works.
I was reading about it last night
with inline assemblies that,
you can do some trickeration
with like getting into code and
making some mutations to it, I don't
quite understand exactly how it works.
I'd have to read more on it,
I may be completely wrong and
how I was even interpreting it, but
it was complex to say the least.
Let's see, and I'm gonna read it,
I think Ryan G has a question.
So in our example we replace
A with a new contract.
Does that mean there are two
A contracts that are deployed, and
we're simply only using the second one?
Yes, we're updating the pointer as we
keep deploying new and new contracts,
so that's what's happening.
We just don't update the storage and
that's the magical part of diamonds.
And I also forgot to repeat your question.
Could you say your question one more time?
>> It's similar to what
was just asked it's, yeah.
Is this all immutable as you
push new cuts to your diamond,
is it writing to new address space?
>> Yes, it was effectively a very
similar question, is it immutable?
If we push new cuts to our diamond
what are we exactly doing.
Yes, we're not creating new diamond
contract, we're mutating its storage.
But, the old contracts the new contract
each one will be replicated and
put into memory and will be there forever.
We're just simply pointing
to the latest one.
The question is currently are there any
other alternatives out there that would
compete with the diamond
contract paradigm.
I've seen some other ones,
they just didn't seem as appealing,
this one seems the most feature complete.
And even reading through
just a little bit,
I was kinda largely drawn away to the
point right away and remember their names.
It was just like yeah,
I've seen some other ways people do it.
This is just the most
concrete one I've seen yet.
And obviously it wasn't even that
hard they even give you I mean,
I was able to create and
deploy a diamond fairly quick.
Why of coding?
What happens if we use another diamonds
address our diamonds a public permanent
contract on the network?
Everything's always public permanent.
So even if I use the keyword private, for
a variable meaning only my contract can
access this, technically with storage.
Other contracts or other front ends
can actually read out your storage and
see the value if it's say,
a simple data type.
They may not be able to read out the
information with mappings if they don't
know the keys, but nonetheless there is
no such thing as private, if you will,
when it comes to blockchain.
All code is public,
I can get your code if we need to.